[Music]
this is a cute episode nothing really
big happen I mean something big
happening it's still a slice with what
narrative that everyone's come to expect
but a Rainbow Dash's character up
something big did happen let's start
with an episode summary this episode
starts off with Claude Steele
approaching Wow
it moves obvious reference I won't say
it but everybody eyes are talking about
how fun winter is going to be a tank
I guess they haven't had a wonder
together yet timeline is correct one of
the things I do like about this episode
it's the fact that does it need to
establish any seasonal habits since it's
been implied in previous episodes
already they're just they're chill in
the background get it
chillin mmm also all this continuity
everywhere
look it's everywhere so much cotton ooha
T so rainbow comes the realization or
rather rejection that take me to
hibernate
after dr. Fluttershy tries to reason
with her oh he did and later spike she
gets increasingly frustrated about it
also nice angry face reimu - this
happened then he got an idea
[Music]
so Rainbow Dash decide to do that
complete with main hatton ponies like a
husband who who is on first also
Christopher Lord Pony and we get a
Rainbow Dash song that's good what are
the odds
so plan is to sabotage Cloudsdale
no this is just me or does the inside
look after remind you of
I'm the same dog rainbowdash goes in the
factory destroys everything and that's
it
are you kidding me so let me get
this straight back chimera was able to
sneak onto your property yeah get past
security destroy the entire factory up
and you just let her go yep
you're fired bitch and then this
happens then
so after this whole pair everyone goes
to Rainbow Dash's to comfort her and
seriously kidding me well he's Applejack
insane nope I'm good I'm a karate man
all right
karate man bruise on the inside they
don't show their weaknesses I also like
haven't seen highlights all the ponies
contrasting personalities not only just
Applejack and Fluttershy break out of
their own element they end up in bonding
each other's elements - I like it do
more of that
so after Rainbow Dash and like everyone
else gets their emotions out all the
feels all them winter still comes anyway
Hank just picks a random tree to go
hibernate in I thought I'd be at Rainbow
Dash's house or something but no one
listens to me and bought a big butt a
boo that's the episode so I'm gonna
supply you with a review ladies and
gentlemen yes I do that I mean I'm a
reviewer and all this kind of person
well I reveal later for the sake of
comedy shut up
regarding this episode as a whole I
think it was a strong episode the most
fun I've had all season it features a
realistic conflict for his characters
and is comfortable in its setting my
only big problem is the pacing was kind
of all over the place we spent too much
time just following room - around
everywhere which left the resolution
feeling rushed the most noteworthy think
about this episode is the moral some
things can't be changed no matter how
hard you try instead of trying to force
change you sometimes have to accept it
over no plus it's interesting to see how
there's a kid-friendly version of the
mourning process without anyone actually
you know dying I mean think about it
denial and your book must be wrong anger
at bargaining stopping winter is gonna
be a great depression acceptance you
really want to do this hibernating thing
huh see it's there all this combined it
made a very strong episode despite the
extra filler also Rainbow Dash has no
respect for other people man
like she doesn't get punished or
anything for it damn you pothole
I mean Larsen I mean Cindy Morrow one of
you
[Music]